README.md, before:

# gatech-swapr-server-node
Node.js server for SWAPR

[![Run Status](https://api.shippable.com/projects/57f3d13f6d80900e003ab96c/badge?branch=master)](https://app.shippable.com/projects/57f3d13f6d80900e003ab96c)

Our current model frontend lives in [gatech-swapr-client](https://github.gatech.edu/sdouglas6/gatech-swapr-client)

Our API lives on [apiary.io](https://app.apiary.io/swaprnode/editor)

## Installing node.js
On OS X, install Homebrew, then do
`brew install node`

## Installing the project dependencies
`npm install -d`

## Running the test suite
The tokens used in test-data.json were generated using "secret" as the secret in the signature.

`npm test`

Note: Please go to company_practice_server/models/user.js to see an example of password hashing.

The username/password combos are in test/test-data.json

Hashes/salts are generated from https://www.bcrypt-generator.com. The bcrypt implementation uses only 10^8 iterations of the key derivation function (i.e., a "cost" of 08, as indicated by the $08 near the beginning of each salted hash). 10^12 is apparently best practice these days.

Commit message:

documented the claims used in the auth tokens

README.md, after:

# gatech-swapr-server-node
Node.js server for SWAPR

[![Run Status](https://api.shippable.com/projects/57f3d13f6d80900e003ab96c/badge?branch=master)](https://app.shippable.com/projects/57f3d13f6d80900e003ab96c)

Our current model frontend lives in [gatech-swapr-client](https://github.gatech.edu/sdouglas6/gatech-swapr-client)

Our API lives on [apiary.io](https://app.apiary.io/swaprnode/editor)

## Installing node.js
On OS X, install Homebrew, then do
`brew install node`

## Installing the project dependencies
`npm install -d`

## Running the test suite
The tokens used in test-data.json were generated using "secret" as the secret in the signature.
The claims included in the token are id, username, and role.

`npm test`

Note: Please go to company_practice_server/models/user.js to see an example of password hashing.

The username/password combos are in test/test-data.json

Hashes/salts are generated from https://www.bcrypt-generator.com. The bcrypt implementation uses only 10^8 iterations of the key derivation function (i.e., a "cost" of 08, as indicated by the $08 near the beginning of each salted hash). 10^12 is apparently best practice these days.
